---
toc: true
comments: false
layout: post
title: TT notes
type: hacks
courses: { compsci: {week: 12} }
---

## Iteration
- Iteration in code means doing the same thing repeatedly, like going through a list of items one by one and performing a task for each item. It's like a repetitive action that helps you process data and make your code more efficient

## Variables
- Variables in code are like containers for storing different types of information, such as numbers, text, or more complex data. They have names like name and class number and values like Will and 3 that you can use to remember and work with this information.

## Algorithms
-  an algorithm is step-by-step instructions that helps a computer solve a specific problem or perform a task. It basically tells the computer what to do. Algorithms enable computers to make decisions, process data, and automate tasks.

## Developing Algorithms
- Creating a set of step by step instructions that lets your computer execute a specific task. Its important to knoe how to use problem analysis and design and you can use things like lists and other info to form your own algorithms that will tell the computer what to do.

## Lists and searches
- searches in code is the process of finding a specific element or value within a list. Searchs check each element one by one, and binary search, which is efficient for sorted lists as it divides the search space in half with each iteration. You can create list and use searches to help find items in a list or create your own list.

## Libraries
- Libraries in code are collections of pre-written functions and routines that can be used in development. They to simplify programming. Popular programming languages often have a wide range of libraries available for tasks like data manipulation, user interface development, and more, saving developers time and effort.

## Simulations
- Simulations are programs that use mathematical models and algorithms to imitate the behavior of the target system. It basically uses a mathmatical equation in an algorithm to form a specific output. You can use equations to form your own set of instructions for your computer.